c:\users\vladislav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\taskForPST_LABS\taskForPST_LABS\bin\taskForPST_LABS.dll.config
c:\users\vladislav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\taskForPST_LABS\taskForPST_LABS\bin\taskForPST_LABS.dll
c:\users\vladislav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\taskForPST_LABS\taskForPST_LABS\bin\taskForPST_LABS.pdb
c:\users\vladislav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\taskForPST_LABS\taskForPST_LABS\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\vladislav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\taskForPST_LABS\taskForPST_LABS\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\vladislav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\taskForPST_LABS\taskForPST_LABS\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\vladislav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\taskForPST_LABS\taskForPST_LABS\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\vladislav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\taskForPST_LABS\taskForPST_LABS\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\vladislav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\taskForPST_LABS\taskForPST_LABS\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\vladislav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\taskForPST_LABS\taskForPST_LABS\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\vladislav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\taskForPST_LABS\taskForPST_LABS\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\vladislav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\taskForPST_LABS\taskForPST_LABS\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\vladislav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\taskForPST_LABS\taskForPST_LABS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\vladislav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\taskForPST_LABS\taskForPST_LABS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\vladislav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\taskForPST_LABS\taskForPST_LABS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\vladislav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\taskForPST_LABS\taskForPST_LABS\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\vladislav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\taskForPST_LABS\taskForPST_LABS\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\vladislav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\taskForPST_LABS\taskForPST_LABS\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\vladislav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\taskForPST_LABS\taskForPST_LABS\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\vladislav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\taskForPST_LABS\taskForPST_LABS\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\vladislav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\taskForPST_LABS\taskForPST_LABS\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\vladislav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\taskForPST_LABS\taskForPST_LABS\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\vladislav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\taskForPST_LABS\taskForPST_LABS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\vladislav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\taskForPST_LABS\taskForPST_LABS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\vladislav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\taskForPST_LABS\taskForPST_LABS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\vladislav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\taskForPST_LABS\taskForPST_LABS\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\vladislav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\taskForPST_LABS\taskForPST_LABS\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\vladislav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\taskForPST_LABS\taskForPST_LABS\obj\Debug\taskForPST_LABS.dll
c:\users\vladislav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\taskForPST_LABS\taskForPST_LABS\obj\Debug\taskForPST_LABS.pdb
C:\Users\vladislav\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\taskForPST_LABS\taskForPST_LABS\obj\Debug\taskForPST_LABS.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
